from der balah to rafah and then back
from rafah to Der balah this is how
Palestinians internally displaced have
been moving around different areas
across of the Gaza Strip after being
already evacuated from the Northern Area
Palestinians have been displaced a
couple of times during the past 4 and a
half months today we're visiting Alami
family in balah where this area behind
me is complet
was completely transferred as an area
for Palestinians who settled up their
tents and build their own tents and
lived here for more than four months now
we're going to go in her tent right now
and the situation is very sad and the
the living conditions are
horrific this tent where we are
here has been a home and the only
shelter for Al samuni family AL samuni
Family evacuated from Al zun
neighborhood
in where current currently alun has been
witnessing a lot of of of of air strikes
and also the Israeli forces are uh have
been stationed there for the past couple
of
months we left our area in alun because
of the situation there the Israelis took
three of my children while being on the
safe road my children Abdullah hamam and
farage were arrested 3 months ago they
are still prisoners in the Israeli jails
I know nothing about them they lost
their father when they were young they
also lost their brother during the 2009
War their father and their brother are
Martyrs I suffer too much my heart is
full of sadness I dream of them between
my arms I miss them I want to hug them
our journey to be here was catastrophic
I left Rafa and I went to darl Bala
because of the threats that are all over
the place in Rafa to be honest with you
there is no Safety and Security anywhere
in the Gaza
Strip This is and it's one of the areas
where these Palestinians have been
displaced and we have been seeing a lot
of areas agricultural areas empty areas
schools universities and hospitals that
became sheltered for hundreds of
thousands of Palestinians displaced and
forced to evacuate their houses this is
Hind
alaz